README.md, before:

## openvpn-install
VPN-in-a-Box is an OpenVPN installer for Debian 8 , Ubuntu 14.04/16.04, and CentOS 7.  It is built upon the work of [Nyr's OpenVPN scripts](https://github.com/Nyr/openvpn-install).

This script will let you setup your own VPN server in no more than a minute, even if you haven't used OpenVPN before. It has been designed to be simple and secure.

### Installation
Run the script and follow the assistant:

`wget https://git.io/vSAjf -O openvpn-install.sh && bash openvpn-install.sh`

Once it ends, you can run it again to add more users, remove some of them or even completely uninstall OpenVPN.

### Note about .ovpn distribution
Typically, you want to distribute the .ovpn client files in a secure manner (such as using SFTP to download them from your server.  However, I've included a QR code generator that provides an HTTP link to the .ovpn file for easy installation on mobile devices.  Note that this is not securely transmitted and is optionally there if you prefer the ease of access.

Commit message:

Fixed issue with firewall rules and made web server optional

README.md, after:

## openvpn-install
VPN-in-a-Box is an OpenVPN installer for Debian 8 , Ubuntu 14.04/16.04, and CentOS 7.  It is built upon the work of [Nyr's OpenVPN scripts](https://github.com/Nyr/openvpn-install).  If you use a VPS, it is compatible with OpenVZ and KVM VPS's (make sure to enable TUN on OpenVZ!)

This script will let you setup your own VPN server in no more than a minute, even if you haven't used OpenVPN before. It has been designed to an easy way to keep your browsing private from your ISP or public access points - not to be NSA-proof.

### Installation
Run the script and follow the assistant:

`wget https://git.io/vSAjf -O openvpn-install.sh && bash openvpn-install.sh`

Once it ends, you can run it again to add more users, remove some of them or even completely uninstall OpenVPN.

### Note about .ovpn distribution
Typically, you want to distribute the .ovpn client files in a secure manner (such as using SFTP to download them from your server).  However, I've included an optional web server + QR code generator that provides an HTTP link to the .ovpn file for easy installation on mobile devices.  Note that this is not securely transmitted and is optionally there if you prefer the ease of access.

### Need a server?
I highly recommend [RamNode](https://clientarea.ramnode.com/aff.php?aff=3356) VPS's - you can get one for $15 a year.
